vegetable spring roll
hi I'm an open and welcome you to
Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana let's make a
popular Chinese starter vegetable spring
roll very easy let's quickly run through
the ingredients for this I need about 8
spring roll wrappers they're very easily
available in most of the leading
supermarkets they're available frozen so
you just have to buy a packet and use as
in how you need them about 1/4 shredded
cabbage 2 medium carrots cut into fine
strips 1 green capsicum cut into fine
strips 1/2 a cup of bean sprouts about 2
tablespoons of refined flour 1 TSP of
soya sauce 2 stalks of spring onion
greens finely chopped 2 bulbs of spring
onion finely sliced 1 TSP white pepper
powder oil to deep fry salt to taste
okay so I have a wok here Chinese food
is essentially made in a wok because the
cooking has to be very fast and it
becomes easier to toss all the
vegetables also I have a karai with oil
here which I have kept to heat so once
we're done with the mixture we'll roll
quickly and fry the spring rolls so the
oil here in this wok is well heated now
we add spring onions to this we'll add
some capsicum we'll add some carrots add
some cabbage now all these vegetables
have a lot of moisture so when you toss
them in a pan they automatically reduces
in size it shrinks so you may have to
take a lot of vegetables but you may end
up having very little mixture so this
too which will also add some bean
sprouts bean sprout are not a very
important ingredient in Chinese cooking
apart from spring roll is used in soups
fried rice a lot of other saucy
preparations also used bean sprouts so
after this we'll add some salt some
pepper powder a little bit of soya sauce
now we have to just toss this
that's it it's gone
we'll add some spring onion greens to
this switch off the gas and what we have
to do here is we have to cool this
mixture before we put it into the spring
roll wrappers so that's it with the
filling now another important thing that
we have to do is I have refined flour
with me what happens is when you make
any non-veg spring roll it becomes very
easy to stick the wrappers with egg but
since we are doing a vegetarian spring
roll how do you stick it so we'll add
some water to this okay so now let's
begin with these wrappers I have spring
roll wrappers with me which I have
mentioned to you that they are frozen
take one wrapper we'll put the filling
in the center this mixture that we have
done we will just put it like this just
roll this fold it like this okay it's
very important to put this slurry here
at the end and now roll this so before
you put this in oil
just see to it that it's well sealed
from the sides as well as here because
if this is not sealed well when you put
this entire roll in the oil it will all
come out and you will not have a spring
roll anymore
so one will slide into the oil similarly
we'll slide the others also now we have
to fry them till it is nice and golden
oil has to be absolutely hot so just
turn and give it nice golden color so
now this is done drain them off onto a
plate and we leave this onto this paper
for a while till all the excess oil is
absorbed if needed you can also put some
on top and just let the oil get absorbed
well so before you serve take one spring
roll and cut into half
here you go vegetable spring rolls are
ready make this recipe just the way I
have made it and you'll love it
you